Buy iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0 + Carrier Deals at Apple See all deals Carrier Financing Save up to $441.36. No trade-in needed. Footnote ◊ Save up to $899 after trade‑in. Footnote ∆ Buy iPhone 16 128 GB Footnote 1 Teal Connect to any carrier later $829.00 128 GB Footnote 1 Teal AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 Teal T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 Teal Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine Connect to any carrier later $829.00 128 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 Pink Connect to any carrier later $829.00 128 GB Footnote 1 Pink AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 Pink T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 Pink Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 White Connect to any carrier later $829.00 128 GB Footnote 1 White AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 White T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 White Verizon 256 GB Footnote 1 Black Connect to any carrier later $929.00 256 GB Footnote 1 Black AT&T 256 GB Footnote 1 Black T-Mobile 256 GB Footnote 1 Black Verizon 256 GB Footnote 1 Pink Connect to any carrier later $929.00 256 GB Footnote 1 Pink AT&T 256 GB Footnote 1 Pink T-Mobile 256 GB Footnote 1 Pink Verizon 256 GB Footnote 1 White Connect to any carrier later $929.00 256 GB Footnote 1 White AT&T 256 GB Footnote 1 White T-Mobile 256 GB Footnote 1 White Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 Black Connect to any carrier later $829.00 128 GB Footnote 1 Black AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 Black T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 Black Verizon 256 GB Footnote 1 Teal Connect to any carrier later $929.00 256 GB Footnote 1 Teal AT&T 256 GB Footnote 1 Teal T-Mobile 256 GB Footnote 1 Teal Verizon 256 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine Connect to any carrier later $929.00 256 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine AT&T 256 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine T-Mobile 256 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 Pink AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 Pink T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 Pink Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 Pink Connect to any carrier later $729.00 128 GB Footnote 1 White AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 White T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 White Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 White Connect to any carrier later $729.00 128 GB Footnote 1 Black AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 Black T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 Black Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 Black Connect to any carrier later $729.00 128 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 Ultramarine Connect to any carrier later $729.00 128 GB Footnote 1 Teal AT&T 128 GB Footnote 1 Teal T-Mobile 128 GB Footnote 1 Teal Verizon 128 GB Footnote 1 Teal Connect to any carrier later $729.00 Frequently Asked Questions Can I activate an iPhone 16 outside of the United States? iPhone 16, iPhone 17e, iPhone 17, iPhone Air, and iPhone 17 Pro models purchased in the U.S. or Puerto Rico don’t have a physical SIM tray and activate only using eSIM. You can activate your iPhone outside the country if your carrier supports eSIM. Learn more about using eSIM while traveling (Opens in a new window) . While traveling internationally, your carrier may offer convenient and affordable international roaming options. Additionally, if your iPhone is unlocked, you can use a travel eSIM at your destination. Learn more about using eSIM while traveling (Opens in a new window) . Will my new iPhone be unlocked? In most cases, yes. An iPhone purchased from Apple is unlocked. Once your new iPhone is activated, it remains unlocked, which means you can use it with any carrier that provides service for iPhone. However, if you choose to finance an iPhone through the AT&T Installment Plan, T-Mobile Equipment Installment Plan, or Verizon Device Payment Program, your iPhone will be locked to the carrier until paid in full. When I buy from apple.com, does my iPhone come ready to use? Carrier-connected iPhone 16, iPhone 17e, iPhone 17, iPhone Air, and iPhone 17 Pro models will arrive ready to activate with eSIM and can connect to your cellular voice and data service without a physical SIM card. If you completed the steps to authorize activation with AT&T, T-Mobile, or Verizon when you purchased your new iPhone online, it will arrive ready to use. Just turn it on and follow the onscreen instructions to set it up and activate with the carrier. To activate with eSIM, you will need Wi-Fi for setup. If you choose “Connect to a carrier later” when you buy your iPhone, you can activate your service when you receive your device. If you’re asked to transfer your SIM, follow the onscreen instructions to transfer service from your previous iPhone. Learn how to set up eSIM on iPhone. (Opens in a new window) . Will my iPhone work worldwide? All iPhone models are world phones, so you can use them almost anywhere. Whether you are a GSM or CDMA network customer, you can roam internationally on GSM networks in over 200 countries or regions around the world. If you financed your iPhone with your wireless carrier, contact them to verify that you can roam internationally. Availability of 5G and LTE data varies in some countries or regions and depends on carrier support for certain 5G and LTE radio frequencies. Contact your wireless carrier for more information regarding international roaming policies and rates. Information on iPhone support for 5G and LTE (Opens in a new window) Can I return my iPhone? Yes. If you change your mind and no longer wish to keep your iPhone, you have the option to return it to us. The returned iPhone must be in good condition and in the original packaging, which contains all accessories, manuals, and instructions. Returns are subject to Apple’s Sales and Refunds Policy. Learn more about returns, refunds, and exchanges (Opens in a new window) I’m buying an iPhone as a gift. Can it be activated at a later date? In most cases, an iPhone purchased from apple.com can be activated later. However, certain special deals or discounts may require preparation with the carrier at the time of purchase so that the phone arrives ready to use. What resources are available to me to quickly get set up, transfer existing files, and make the most of my new iPhone? When you buy directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup — free online, one‑on‑one sessions with a Specialist who can help you set up your new iPhone and start your data transfer. A Specialist can also help you customize your settings, discover navigation tips, and dive deeper into Apple apps and tools. Best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more about Personal Setup . Are there differences between an iPhone for AT&T, T-Mobile, or Verizon? The iPhone models for AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon are the same. However, if you choose to finance an iPhone through the AT&T Installment Plan, T-Mobile Equipment Installment Plan, or Verizon Device Payment Program, your iPhone will be locked to the carrier until paid in full. Can I easily switch my carrier when I purchase an iPhone? Yes. You can switch carriers when you purchase an iPhone directly from Apple and choose carrier financing as your payment option. You’ll also be able to keep your existing number and data. And your new iPhone will arrive ready to use, without you having to contact your former carrier. What are connectivity discounts? Connectivity discounts are reflected in the advertised price of select iPhone models, and are available to customers who connect with select carriers at the time of purchase. The discount is not available for customers who choose to connect to a carrier later, or who have a prepaid carrier plan. Which network providers offer 5G service? AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon are the national wireless carriers for iPhone in the United States, and they all offer 5G service. iPhone 16, iPhone 17e, iPhone 17, iPhone Air, and iPhone 17 Pro models are 5G capable. The Apple Store and apple.com (Opens in a new window) sell these models for use on these networks. View the AT&T 5G coverage map (Opens in a new window) View the T‑Mobile 5G coverage map (Opens in a new window) View the Verizon 5G coverage map (Opens in a new window) What products can be covered by AppleCare One? AppleCare One coverage extends to products that were purchased recently or are currently covered by AppleCare+. Other eligible devices are those currently associated with your Apple Account, Apple audio or headphones less than 1 year old, and other Apple devices that are less than 4 years old and in good condition. Learn more about AppleCare (Opens in a new window) . Set up your device with one-on-one sessions with a Specialist. When you buy directly from Apple, you can get help transferring your data and making the most of your new device with our free online Personal Setup sessions. Learn more about Personal Setup Your new iPhone comes with so much more. Get 3 months free of select services when you purchase an Apple device. Footnote § Which iPhone is right for you? iPhone 17 Pro Innovative design for ultimate performance and battery life. From $1099 6.9″ or 6.3″ Super Retina XDR display Footnote 2 ProMotion technology Always-On display Dynamic Island Aluminum unibody Action button Camera Control for faster access to photo and video tools A19 Pro chip 6-core GPU with Neural Accelerators Hardware-accelerated ray tracing Up to 39 hours video playback Footnote 3 18MP Center Stage front camera Tap to zoom and rotate Center Stage for photos Ultra-stabilized video Dual Capture Center Stage for video calls 48MP Pro Fusion camera system 48MP Fusion Main | 48MP Fusion Ultra Wide | 48MP Fusion Telephoto Super-high‑resolution photos (24MP and 48MP) Next-generation portraits with Focus and Depth Control Macro photography Dolby Vision up to 4K at 120 fps Latest-generation Photographic Styles Optical zoom options .5x, 1x, 2x, 4x, 8x Apple Intelligence Footnote 4 Emergency SOS Emergency SOS via satellite Footnote 5 Crash Detection Footnote 6 Roadside Assistance via satellite Footnote 5 Messages via satellite Footnote 5 USB‑C Supports USB 3 for up to 20x faster transfers Footnote 7 iPhone Air The thinnest iPhone ever. With the power of pro inside. From $999 6.5” Super Retina XDR display Footnote 2 ProMotion technology Always-On display Dynamic Island Titanium frame Action button Camera Control for faster access to photo and video tools A19 Pro chip 5-core GPU with Neural Accelerators Hardware-accelerated ray tracing Up to 27 hours video playback Footnote 8 18MP Center Stage front camera Tap to zoom and rotate Center Stage for photos Ultra-stabilized video Dual Capture Center Stage for video calls 48MP Fusion camera system 48MP Fusion Main Super-high‑resolution photos (24MP and 48MP) Next-generation portraits with Focus and Depth Control — No Macro photography Dolby Vision up to 4K at 60 fps Latest-generation Photographic Styles Optical zoom options 1x, 2x Apple Intelligence Footnote 4 Emergency SOS Emergency SOS via satellite Footnote 5 Crash Detection Footnote 6 Roadside Assistance via satellite Footnote 5 Messages via satellite Footnote 5 USB‑C Supports USB 2 iPhone 17 Even more delightful. Even more durable. From $799 Footnote ± 6.3” Super Retina XDR display Footnote 2 ProMotion technology Always-On display Dynamic Island Aluminum frame Action button Camera Control for faster access to photo and video tools A19 chip 5-core GPU with Neural Accelerators Hardware-accelerated ray tracing Up to 30 hours video playback Footnote 8 18MP Center Stage front camera Tap to zoom and rotate Center Stage for photos Ultra-stabilized video Dual Capture Center Stage for video calls 48MP Dual Fusion camera system 48MP Fusion Main | 48MP Fusion Ultra Wide Super-high‑resolution photos (24MP and 48MP) Next-generation portraits with Focus and Depth Control Macro photography Dolby Vision up to 4K at 60 fps Latest-generation Photographic Styles Optical zoom options .5x, 1x, 2x Apple Intelligence Footnote 4 Emergency SOS Emergency SOS via satellite Footnote 5 Crash Detection Footnote 6 Roadside Assistance via satellite Footnote 5 Messages via satellite Footnote 5 USB‑C Supports USB 2 iPhone 17e Feature stacked. Value packed. From $599 6.1″ Super Retina XDR display Footnote 2 — No ProMotion technology — No Always-On display — No Dynamic Island Aluminum frame Action button — No Camera Control for faster access to photo and video tools A19 chip 4-core GPU with Neural Accelerators Hardware-accelerated ray tracing Up to 26 hours video playback Footnote 8 12MP TrueDepth camera Tap to zoom — No Center Stage for photos — No Ultra-stabilized video — No Dual Capture — No Center Stage for video calls 48MP Fusion camera system 48MP Fusion Main Super-high‑resolution photos (24MP and 48MP) Next-generation portraits with Focus and Depth Control — No Macro photography Dolby Vision up to 4K at 60 fps Photographic Styles Optical zoom options 1x, 2x Apple Intelligence Footnote 4 Emergency SOS Emergency SOS via satellite Footnote 5 Crash Detection Footnote 6 Roadside Assistance via satellite Footnote 5 Messages via satellite Footnote 5 USB‑C Supports USB 2 Compare all iPhone models Footer footnotes ◊ AT&T iPhone 16 Special Deal: Monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of AT&T bill credit applied over 36 months. Requires upgrade of an existing line or activation of a new line. Customers upgrading or activating a new line and buying an iPhone 16 128 GB will get $441.36 in bill credits. Requires purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% APR installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. If you are trading in a device with this deal, credits will be comprised of (i) Apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) AT&T monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. Requires purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% APR installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. Tax on full retail price due at sale. Requires activation on eligible AT&T unlimited plan. AT&T may temporarily slow data speeds if the network is busy. If you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. Activation/Upgrade Fee: $35. Bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. Credits start within 3 bills. Will receive catch-up credits once credits start. Wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. Installment agreement starts when device is shipped. To get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. Limited-time offer; subject to change. Limits: one credit per line. May not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. Purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. Activation required. ∆ T-Mobile iPhone 16 Special Deal: Monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of T-Mobile trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Plus and trade-in of eligible smartphone. Max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. Credit comprised of (i) Apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) T-Mobile monthly bill credits applied over the loan term (24 or 36 months). Allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade-in. Tax on pre-credit price due at sale. Limited-time; subject to change. Qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in (e.g., iPhone 16 Pro Max) in good condition required. $36 month financing only available to customers on an Experience Beyond 2.0 plan (other plans may only be eligible for 24 month financing). $35 device connection charge due on next bill. May not be combinable with some offers, discounts, or promotions. Activation required. Price for iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus includes $30 T-Mobile connectivity discount. Contact T-Mobile before cancelling entire account to continue remaining bill credits, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due. Bill credits end if you pay off early. Existing customers: Receive credit with purchase of an iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Plus (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $899, $800 or $500 for customers on an Experience Beyond 2.0, Experience Beyond or Go5G Next plan (excluding all 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings plans) ($100+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; $899, $600 or $300 for customers on an Experience Beyond 2.0, Experience Beyond or Go5G Next (with 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings) plan ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; $800 or $400 for customers on an Experience More 2.0, Experience More or Go5G Plus plan (excluding all 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings plans) ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; $600 or $300 for customers on an Experience More 2.0, Experience More or Go5G Plus (with 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings) plan ($70+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; or $300 or $150 for customers on a Go5G, Magenta, Magenta MAX, Essentials 2.0, or Essentials plan (including 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings plans) ($45+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account. Must be an existing T-Mobile customer. Add-a-Line customers: Receive credit with purchase of an iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Plus (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $899, $800 or $500 for customers on an Experience Beyond 2.0, Experience Beyond or Go5G Next plan (excluding all 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings plans) ($100+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; $899, $600 or $300 for customers on an Experience Beyond 2.0, Experience Beyond or Go5G Next (with 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings) plan ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; $800 or $400 for customers on an Experience More 2.0, Experience More or Go5G Plus plan (excluding all 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings plans) ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; $600 or $300 for customers on an Experience More 2.0, Experience More or Go5G Plus (with 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings) plan ($70+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; $700 or $350 for customers on a Go5G, Magenta, Magenta MAX, Essentials 2.0 or Essentials plan (excluding all 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings plans) ($60+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; or $300 or $150 for customers on a Go5G, Magenta, Magenta MAX, Essentials 2.0, or Essentials (with 55+, Military, & First Responder Savings) plan ($45+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount and plus taxes & fees if applicable) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account. Must be a T-Mobile customer adding a new line to an existing T-Mobile account. New customers: Receive credit with purchase of an iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Plus (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $899, $800 or $500 for customers on an Experience Beyond 2.0, (excluding all 55+, Military, First Responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable; plus taxes & fees) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; $800 or $400 for customers on an Experience More 2.0 (excluding all 55+, Military, First Responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable; plus taxes & fees) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account; or $700 or $350 for customers on an Essentials 2.0 (excluding all 55+, Military, First Responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable; plus taxes & fees) Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account. Must be a new T-Mobile customer. § New and qualified returning subscribers only. $14.99/month after free trial. Apple TV subscription does not include third-party branded subscription services or content available for rental or purchase in the Apple TV app. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices that you or your family purchase. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an Apple TV subscription three months free or one year free offer. Offer good for three months after eligible device is activated. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $11.99/month after trial. Offer is available for new Apple Music subscribers with a new eligible device for a limited time only. Offer redemption for eligible audio devices requires connecting or pairing to an Apple device running the latest iOS or iPadOS. Offer redemption for Apple Watch requires connecting or pairing to an iPhone running the latest iOS. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Only one offer per Apple Account, regardless of the number of eligible devices you purchase. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Apple Fitness+ offer available to new subscribers who purchase an eligible device. $9.99/month after trial. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously subscribed to Apple Fitness+. Offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. A subscription is required for Apple Fitness+. Apple Fitness+ requires iPhone 8 or later or Apple Watch Series 3 or later paired with iPhone 6s or later. Apple News+ offer available to new subscribers who purchase an eligible device on or after September 7, 2022. $12.99/month after trial. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. Offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation, from December 12, 2022. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. ± Pricing for iPhone 17 includes a $30 AT&T, T-Mobile, or Verizon discount. Requires activation with carrier. † Pricing for iPhone 16 and 16 Plus includes a $30 T-Mobile or Verizon discount. Requires activation with carrier. This discount is not available for AT&T. Financing available to qualified customers, subject to credit approval and credit limit, and requires you to select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as your payment type at checkout at Apple. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers (but you cannot use a prepaid carrier plan): AT&T, T-Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. ACMI is not available for purchases made at special storefronts or when using such special discounts in-store at Apple, except ACMI is available at the Education storefront and with the Education discount. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement (Opens in a new window) for more information about ACMI. ‡ Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. ※ Service coverage is available only for covered devices and their original included accessories for protection against (i) defects in materials or workmanship, (ii) batteries that retain less than 80% of their original capacity, and (iii) unlimited incidents of accidental damage. Accidental Damage means physical damage from handling due to unexpected and unintentional events. If an iPad is covered in your plan, one compatible Apple Pencil and one compatible Apple-branded iPad keyboard used with your iPad are also covered. AppleCare One is subject to eligibility rules; additions to plan may require inspection and a diagnostic check: Devices must be less than 4 years old and headphones must be less than 1 year old, and only devices in your Apple Account can be covered under AppleCare One. Limit of one (1) Apple Vision Pro can be covered under AppleCare One at a time. Replacement equipment that Apple provides as part of the repair or replacement service may contain new or previously used genuine Apple parts that have been tested and pass Apple functional requirements. There are no service fees for mechanical failures. Each incident of accidental damage protection is subject to a service fee plus applicable tax. If you have a plan with theft and loss coverage, each incident of theft or loss is subject to a deductible plus applicable tax. For complete details, see the AppleCare One Terms and Conditions ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} and the Theft and Loss Insurance Documentation ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} applicable to your state. For AppleCare+, see Terms and Conditions ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} and the Theft and Loss Insurance Documentation ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} applicable to your state. Theft and loss claims are for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad. Each claim is subject to a deductible. While the plan is active and in effect, claim limits reset every 12 months: two claims under AppleCare+ and three claims under AppleCare One. Theft and loss coverage requires you to have Find My enabled on your device at the time it is lost or stolen. Find My should remain enabled and your device should remain associated with your Apple Account throughout the theft or loss claim process. During the theft or loss claims process, you will be asked to erase your missing device, disable it, and transfer ownership before you can be issued a new device. After initiating your theft or loss claim with Apple, you will be asked to finalize your claim on AIG’s website at www.aigtheftandloss.com ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} . International replacement of lost or stolen devices is subject to availability and options may vary by region, device, and model. Same-day replacement is not available for theft and loss claims. Theft and loss coverage does not apply to an Apple Pencil or Apple-branded keyboard even if lost or stolen with a covered iPad. For any covered Apple Watch theft or loss incidents, including those involving Nike and Hermès watch bands, the replacement band will be an Apple-branded band, which may differ in band style, material, and/or color from the band lost with the covered Apple Watch, subject to Apple’s discretion. Theft or loss claims cannot be made for watch bands only; bands are covered only when the Apple Watch is lost or stolen. Local telephone fees may apply. Telephone numbers and hours of operation may vary and are subject to change. Express Replacement Service (“ERS”) is subject to availability, capability, and local law at the time you seek service. ERS for Hardware Coverage for Accidental Damage to the Covered Equipment (excluding Included Accessories) is always subject to the Other Accidental Damage service fee and not the Screen-Only or Back Glass-Only service fees. If your device is replaced with Express Replacement Service, the original product becomes Apple’s property. The replacement product is your property and becomes the Covered Equipment. You are responsible for backing up all software programs, data, and passwords residing on your original device. The service fee for accidental damage is $29 for screen-only or back glass-only damage or $99 for other accidental damage. The screen-only and back glass-only repair service fee is available only when there is no other damage present. Separate service charges apply to each repair or replacement performed. Each incident of theft or loss is subject to a deductible of $149. Applicable taxes may apply. For a complete listing of all AppleCare service fees and deductibles, see the AppleCare Service Fees and Deductibles ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} . Separate service charges apply to each repair or replacement performed. AppleCare plans are separate from and in addition to the Apple Limited Warranty and any legal rights provided by consumer protection laws in your jurisdiction. AppleCare plans are subject to acceptance of the Terms and Conditions. Purchase of any plan is not required to purchase any device. For complete details, see the AppleCare One Terms and Conditions ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} and the Theft and Loss Insurance Documentation ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} applicable to your state. AppleCare+, AppleCare+ with Theft and Loss, and AppleCare One are optional programs. The company obligated under AppleCare+ is AppleCare Service Company, Inc., an Arizona corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Apple Inc., doing business in Texas as Apple CSC Inc. AppleCare+ with Theft and Loss and AppleCare One are programs that combine service contract benefits with insurance coverage for theft and loss. AppleCare One also includes surge protection. In both programs, the service contract obligations are provided by AppleCare Service Company, Inc. The insurance coverage—whether for theft and loss (AppleCare+ with Theft and Loss) or for theft, loss, and surge protection (AppleCare One)—is underwritten by New Hampshire Insurance Company (NAIC# 23841; Principal Address: 175 Water Street, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10038; Phone: (212) 770-7000). Both programs are sold by AppleCare Service Company, Inc. (in California doing business as Brogdan Insurance Services, License #0L00763; Iowa License #26), and in New York by Apple Inc. (License #926146). The theft and loss (and surge protection, for AppleCare One) insurance is issued under a group policy to AppleCare Service Company, Inc. in all states except New York, where the policy is issued to Apple Inc. Coverage is subject to applicable terms, conditions, and limitations. See apple.com/legal/applecare/applecareplus/ ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} for AppleCare+; apple.com/legal/applecare/applecareplus/theftandloss/ ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} for AppleCare+ with Theft and Loss; and apple.com/legal/applecare/applecareone ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} for AppleCare One. Theft and loss coverage (and surge protection, where applicable) may be purchased separately. For complete details, please refer to the certificate of coverage for your state, available at apple.com/legal/applecare/applecareone ${translate.store.a11y.opens_new_window} . 1. Available space is less and varies due to many factors. A standard configuration uses approximately 12GB to 24GB of space, including iOS 26 with its latest features and Apple apps that can be deleted. Apple Intelligence on-device models use approximately 7GB of space and can be deleted if Apple Intelligence is turned off. Turning on Apple Intelligence will download the models again. Apple apps that can be deleted use about 4.5GB of space, and you can download them back from the App Store. Storage capacity subject to change based on software version, settings, and iPhone model. 2. The display has rounded corners that follow a beautiful curved design, and these corners are within a standard rectangle. When measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screen is 6.06 inches (iPhone 17e), 6.27 inches (iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Pro), 6.55 inches (iPhone Air), or 6.86 inches (iPhone 17 Pro Max) diagonally. Actual viewable area is less. 3. Battery life claim refers to larger models. All battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. Battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. See apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/battery.html for more information. 4. Apple Intelligence is available in beta. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. For feature and language availability and system requirements, see support.apple.com/121115 (Opens in a new window) . 5. Satellite features are included for free for two years with the activation of any iPhone 14 or later model. Connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions, and other factors. Some satellite features require a carrier plan. SMS messaging via satellite is available on supported carriers. SMS message rates may apply. Satellite connectivity is provided by Globalstar and its affiliates. See support.apple.com/kb/HT213885 (Opens in a new window) for more information. 6. iPhone 17e, iPhone 17, iPhone Air, and iPhone 17 Pro can detect a severe car crash and call for help. Requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling. 7. USB 3 cable with 10Gb/s speed required. 8. All battery claims depend on the cellular network, location, signal strength, feature configuration, usage, and many other factors; actual results will vary. Battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. Battery tests are conducted using specific iPhone units. See apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/compare for more information. Apple Pay is a service provided by Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank. Any card used in Apple Pay is offered by the card issuer. We approximate your location from your internet IP address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to Apple. Apple iPhone iPhone 16 Buy iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus Shop and Learn Shop and Learn + Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet + Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account + Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment + Apple One Apple TV Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store + Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Upgrade Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business + Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education + Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare + Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone For Government For Government + Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values + Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple + Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE . United States Copyright &copy; 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map United States