The AI presentation workspace Product Use Cases Templates Resources Pricing Log in Sign up C r e a t e s l i d e s t h a t w i n . Prompts Generate Prompts Generate From prompt to presentation, 4M+ teams create and deliver winning slides together in Pitch. From prompt to presentation, 4M+ teams create and deliver winning slides together in Pitch. Sign up for free Get a demo WHY PITCH Pitch is your presentation workspace From first slide to final delivery, Pitch is where teams create presentations that actually land. Make stunning slides Your audience sees hundreds of presentations. Use Pitch’s powerful editor to stand out with sleek slides enhanced by high-res video, animations, and custom fonts. Pitch like a pro Import customer data, generate personalized decks in bulk, share content in custom deal rooms, and track visitor engagement so you know when to follow up. Showcase your brand When your team is pitching at scale, consistency can fall apart fast. Pitch keeps everyone aligned with shared templates, a brand library, and AI that adapts to your workflow. Stay in control With every team presentation in a single cloud-based workspace, you can easily organize workflows and stay on top of your shared content and collateral. Make stunning slides Your audience sees hundreds of presentations. Design convincing slides in Pitch’s powerful editor, with high-res video, animations, and custom fonts, so you always stand out from the crowd. Pitch like a pro Import customer data, generate personalized decks in bulk, share content in custom deal rooms, and track every open so you know exactly when and how to follow up. Showcase your brand When your team is pitching at scale, consistency can fall apart fast. Pitch keeps everyone aligned with shared templates, a brand library, and AI that adapts to your workflow. Stay in control With every team presentation in one, cloud-based workspace, you can better organize your workflows and keep visibility on all your content and shared collateral. THE PAYOFF Presentations are more than an asset. With Pitch, they’re your new competitive advantage. Build trust, get buy-in, and win more deals. Presentations are more than an asset. With Pitch, they’re your new competitive advantage. Build trust, get buy-in, and win more deals. 0 1 2 3 4 M+ 0 1 2 3 4 M+ Professional teams choose Pitch to build, deliver, and win. 0 1 0 1 2 3 4 5 0 + 0 1 0 1 2 3 4 5 0 + Templates designed by experts to get you started. 0 1 2 3 4 5 H+ 0 1 2 3 4 5 H+ On average, users save over 5 hours every week. HOW TO From first draft to closed deal, and beyond The best presentations aren’t made by just one person. In Pitch, your whole team works together to create sleek, effective slides. (01) Create Intuitive slide creation Start from a blank canvas or template — or use AI to generate on-brand slides in seconds. Keep full design control over every detail, so your slides always stand out. (02) Collaborate Remove team bottlenecks The best presentations are made together. But they don’t have to take weeks. Live co-editing, slide assignments, and comments mean your team moves faster and smarter. (03) Deliver Present unforgettable slides Grab attention with interactive embeds and animations, and share presentations through live links and custom deal rooms to give every client a personalized experience. Then track engagement so you know when and how to follow up. (01) Create Intuitive slide creation Start from a blank canvas or template — or use AI to generate on-brand slides in seconds. Keep full design control over every detail, so your slides always stand out. (02) Collaborate Remove team bottlenecks The best presentations are made together. But they don’t have to take weeks. Live co-editing, slide assignments, and comments mean your team moves faster and smarter. (03) Deliver Present unforgettable slides Grab attention with interactive embeds and animations, and share presentations through live links and custom deal rooms to give every client a personalized experience. Then track engagement so you know when and how to follow up. (01) Create Intuitive slide creation Start from a blank canvas or template — or use AI to generate on-brand slides in seconds. Keep full design control over every detail, so your slides always stand out. (02) Collaborate Remove team bottlenecks The best presentations are made together. But they don’t have to take weeks. Live co-editing, slide assignments, and comments mean your team moves faster and smarter. (03) Deliver Present unforgettable slides Grab attention with interactive embeds and animations, and share presentations through live links and custom deal rooms to give every client a personalized experience. Then track engagement so you know when and how to follow up. ” Our work is highly visual and motion-driven. We know our presentations will always look polished and play flawlessly.” Tara Dabir, Director of New Business Development ” I’m a very happy customer and love the fact that Pitch continuously gets better. It’s really hard to imagine going back to Keynote or Google Slides!” Edwin Khodabakchian, CEO ” Everyone kind of realized super quickly how much better everything became once we switched to Pitch. “ Lucas Löf, UX Lead ” If more than one person on the team is producing decks, the consistency problem just gets worse over time. But that’s easily solved with Pitch. So make the switch!” Jelle van Schaick, Head of Marketing ” This is what product delight looks like.” Vlad Zely, Head of Product Design ” I love Pitch and have used it for Perplexity’s fund raises, board meetings, and internal company presentations. If you’re still on Google Slides, migrate — you won’t regret it!” Aravind Srinivas, CEO ” Pitch makes it very easy to work with others, with collaboration happening inside the platform.” Diogo Pereira, Director of Partnership Operations & Strategy Trusted by 4M+ teams ” Pitch simplifies the entire presentation process. We can collaborate, assign slides, discuss updates, and sign off all in one place." Zoe Wellner, Chief of Staff ” Other tools were too bulky and slow, with limited video capabilities. We wanted a high-performing tool that let us share decks via URLs to create a seamless experience for our clients. Pitch has been a godsend.” Mees Rutten, Founder ” It’s game-changing. Pitch is more powerful, easier to use, and more collaborative.” Ravi Mehta, Product Advisor See customer stories ” Our work is highly visual and motion-driven. We know our presentations will always look polished and play flawlessly.” Tara Dabir, Director of New Business Development ” I’m a very happy customer and love the fact that Pitch continuously gets better. It’s really hard to imagine going back to Keynote or Google Slides!” Edwin Khodabakchian, CEO ” Everyone kind of realized super quickly how much better everything became once we switched to Pitch. “ Lucas Löf, UX Lead ” If more than one person on the team is producing decks, the consistency problem just gets worse over time. But that’s easily solved with Pitch. So make the switch!” Jelle van Schaick, Head of Marketing ” This is what product delight looks like.” Vlad Zely, Head of Product Design ” I love Pitch and have used it for Perplexity’s fund raises, board meetings, and internal company presentations. If you’re still on Google Slides, migrate — you won’t regret it!” Aravind Srinivas, CEO ” Pitch makes it very easy to work with others, with collaboration happening inside the platform.” Diogo Pereira, Director of Partnership Operations & Strategy Trusted by 4M+ teams ” Pitch simplifies the entire presentation process. We can collaborate, assign slides, discuss updates, and sign off all in one place." Zoe Wellner, Chief of Staff ” Other tools were too bulky and slow, with limited video capabilities. We wanted a high-performing tool that let us share decks via URLs to create a seamless experience for our clients. Pitch has been a godsend.” Mees Rutten, Founder ” It’s game-changing. Pitch is more powerful, easier to use, and more collaborative.” Ravi Mehta, Product Advisor See customer stories ” Our work is highly visual and motion-driven. We know our presentations will always look polished and play flawlessly.” Tara Dabir, Director of New Business Development ” I’m a very happy customer and love the fact that Pitch continuously gets better. It’s really hard to imagine going back to Keynote or Google Slides!” Edwin Khodabakchian, CEO ” Everyone kind of realized super quickly how much better everything became once we switched to Pitch. “ Lucas Löf, UX Lead ” If more than one person on the team is producing decks, the consistency problem just gets worse over time. But that’s easily solved with Pitch. So make the switch!” Jelle van Schaick, Head of Marketing ” This is what product delight looks like.” Vlad Zely, Head of Product Design ” I love Pitch and have used it for Perplexity’s fund raises, board meetings, and internal company presentations. If you’re still on Google Slides, migrate — you won’t regret it!” Aravind Srinivas, CEO ” Pitch makes it very easy to work with others, with collaboration happening inside the platform.” Diogo Pereira, Director of Partnership Operations & Strategy Trusted by 4M+ teams ” Pitch simplifies the entire presentation process. We can collaborate, assign slides, discuss updates, and sign off all in one place." Zoe Wellner, Chief of Staff ” Other tools were too bulky and slow, with limited video capabilities. We wanted a high-performing tool that let us share decks via URLs to create a seamless experience for our clients. Pitch has been a godsend.” Mees Rutten, Founder ” It’s game-changing. Pitch is more powerful, easier to use, and more collaborative.” Ravi Mehta, Product Advisor See customer stories TOOLKIT A complete presentation toolkit Years of development mean Pitch has everything fast-moving teams need to create and deliver consistently beautiful slides together, from design fundamentals to the latest in AI-powered workflows. AI Agent Use Pitch Agent to generate on-brand slides, personalize messaging, enhance visuals, and more. Slide editor Unlock a powerful yet intuitive slide editor, where you have complete control over design and placement. Viewer analytics Know when to follow up, with visitor data on everyone who opens and interacts with your decks and pitch rooms. Pitch rooms Share presentations and resources in custom deal rooms to deliver a truly personalized client experience. Brand library Keep everything consistent with custom fonts, templates, and your approved brand media in a shared team library. Team organization Collaborate in the cloud. Organize your work and stay on top of everything you’ve created or shared. Unrivaled visuals Showcase your high-res brand media, create eye-catching animations, embed interactive content or generate with AI. Start creating API coming soon "> "> "> "> Register your interest Weave Pitch into your existing workflow "> "> "> Explore integrations "> "> "> "> "> "> Explore integrations "> "> "> solutions Pitch is for people who mean business Join 4M+ teams who use Pitch to stand out, win rooms, and close deals. Software companies Creative agencies Leading brands Freelance designers Ramp your sales engine From cutting-edge startups to tech powerhouses, GTM teams close more deals with Pitch. Create branded slides from an import, share custom sales rooms, and track engagement to nurture deals. Software companies Creative agencies Leading brands Freelance designers Ramp your sales engine From cutting-edge startups to tech powerhouses, GTM teams close more deals with Pitch. Create branded slides from an import, share custom sales rooms, and track engagement to nurture deals. Sign up for free Get a demo Templates (150+) Choose from 150+ fully customizable templates crafted by experts. You can also start with AI or import your existing PPTX file. Browse templates PITCH DECK MARKETING DESIGN STARTUPS SALES CREATIVE Templates (150+) Choose from 150+ fully customizable templates crafted by experts. You can also start with AI or import your existing PPTX file. Browse templates PITCH DECK MARKETING DESIGN STARTUPS SALES CREATIVE Templates (150+) Choose from 150+ fully customizable templates crafted by experts. You can also start with AI or import your existing PPTX file. PITCH DECK MARKETING DESIGN STARTUPS SALES CREATIVE Browse templates FAQS Not just another slide tool Is Pitch free to use? Yes, Pitch’s Free plan lets you create unlimited presentations forever. You can learn more about our Plus, Team, and Business plans on our pricing page . Each plan’s price depends on the amount of seats you need and is billed on a monthly or annual subscription. Can I hire Pitch to build my presentation for me? We don’t offer custom design services, but you’re in good hands. Use Pitch Agent to generate a presentation in seconds, or choose from over 150 templates in our gallery for a head start. We can also recommend great creative agencies familiar with Pitch if you’d like further help. Does Pitch offer a free trial? Free trials are available to some customers depending on their needs. Please contact support if you would like more information about this option. Can I import my existing deck, and if so, in what format? Yes! You can upload a PPTX file. If you’re coming from Google Slides, Keynote, or another tool, export to PPTX so you can use our importer. Product What’s new Pricing Integrations Pitch decks Sales deck Team meetings Board decks Presentation maker AI Presentation maker Video Presentation maker Pitch vs PowerPoint Pitch vs Keynote Pitch vs Google Slides Pitch vs Figma Slides Academy Help center Download Status Templates Pitch deck Marketing Startups Design Sales Business UX Proposal Report Simple Creative Professional Modern Project plan Project proposal Portfolio Brand Product Agency Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Legal Notice DPA DMCA Policy ERDF Support GDPR Security Policy Cookie Settings Company About Press Room Careers Blog Affiliates A complete presentation workspace Log in Sign up ©2026 Pitch Software GmbH. All rights reserved. Product What’s new Pricing Integrations Pitch decks Sales deck Team meetings Board decks Presentation maker AI Presentation maker Video Presentation maker Pitch vs PowerPoint Pitch vs Keynote Pitch vs Google Slides Pitch vs Figma Slides Academy Help center Download Status Templates Pitch deck Marketing Startups Design Sales Business UX Proposal Report Simple Creative Professional Modern Project plan Project proposal Portfolio Brand Product Agency Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Legal Notice DPA DMCA Policy ERDF Support GDPR Security Policy Cookie Settings Company About Press Room Careers Blog Affiliates 2026 © Pitch Software GmbH. All rights reserved. Product What’s new Pricing Integrations Pitch decks Sales deck Team meetings Board decks Presentation maker AI Presentation maker Video Presentation maker Pitch vs PowerPoint Pitch vs Keynote Pitch vs Google Slides Pitch vs Figma Slides Academy Help center Download Status Templates Pitch deck Marketing Startups Design Sales Business UX Proposal Report Simple Creative Professional Modern Project plan Project proposal Portfolio Brand Product Agency Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Legal Notice DPA DMCA Policy ERDF Support GDPR Security Policy Cookie Settings Company About Press Room Careers Blog Affiliates © 2026 Pitch Software GmbH. All rights reserved.