Stripe | Financial Infrastructure to Grow Your Revenue Products Solutions Developers Resources Pricing Guide me Sign in Not sure where to start? Tell us about your business to get personalized Stripe product recommendations. Find what's right for you Start now Contact sales Back Sign in Sign in Contact sales Global GDP running on Stripe: Financial infrastructure to grow your revenue. Accept payments, offer financial services, and implement custom revenue models—from your first transaction to your billionth. Financial infrastructure to grow your revenue. Accept payments, offer financial services, and implement custom revenue models—from your first transaction to your billionth. Get started Sign up with Google Flexible solutions for every business model. Grow your business with a comprehensive set of payments and financial tools⁠—⁠designed to work individually or together. Grow your business with the most comprehensive set of payments and financial tools. Accept and optimize payments globally—online and in person Enable any billing model Pro Plan Billed monthly Tokens $0.01 per 1,000 units Usage meter Tokens used in the last 30 days Monetize through agentic commerce Create a card issuing program Access borderless money movement with stablecoins and crypto Embed payments in your platform Get Stripe product recommendations Enter your company's URL, or tell us what you sell and how you sell it. Input must be 500 characters or fewer. 0 / 500 Input strength: Business website What you sell How you charge Who you sell to By messaging, you understand how Stripe uses AI and acknowledge our Privacy Policy . Building the economic infrastructure for AI Watch now The backbone of global commerce 135+ currencies and payment methods supported $1.9T in payments volume processed in 2025 99.999% historical uptime for Stripe services 200M+ active subscriptions managed on Stripe Billing 135+ currencies and payment methods supported $1.9T in payments volume processed in 2025 99.999% historical uptime for Stripe services 200M+ active subscriptions managed on Stripe Billing Powering businesses of all sizes. Run your business on a reliable platform that adapts to your needs. Transform your enterprise with agile financial infrastructure Stripe for enterprises 50% of Fortune 100 companies have used Stripe to grow their businesses—from expanding internationally to reimagining the customer experience. Hertz unifies commerce with Stripe. Read the story 160 countries 11K+ locations globally Products used Payments, Terminal, Connect, Radar, and Stripe Sigma Read the story URBN consolidates $5 billion in online and in-store revenue onto Stripe. Read the story 5+ consumer brands in retailer portfolio 700+ store locations Products used Payments, Terminal, Connect, Stripe Sigma, Radar, and Link Read the story Instacart powers online grocery delivery with Stripe. Read the story 600K+ shoppers 1.8K retail partners across nearly 100K stores Products used Payments, Connect, Data Pipeline, and Issuing Read the story Le Monde improves local and international payments with Stripe. Read the story 100% of digital and print payments powered by Stripe Less than 3 months to implement and go live Products used Payments, Stripe Sigma, and Radar Read the story Realize value faster with dedicated experts Professional services. Get tailored guidance from Stripe on implementation, complex integrations, or major migrations. View services Stripe-certified experts. Work with a Stripe consulting partner that can integrate and deploy Stripe solutions on your behalf. View partners Support plans. Receive ongoing assistance and day-to-day support for technical questions with tiered plans based on your needs. View plans Build a foundation for your startup that enables faster growth Stripe for startups From stablecoin pioneers to 88% of the Forbes AI 50, Stripe helps startups build what’s next on easy-to-integrate financial infrastructure. Lovable grows into a vibe-coding juggernaut with Stripe. Read Lovable’s story Gamma expands to $100M ARR and 70 million users with Stripe. Read Gamma’s story Runway protects developer time with no-code solutions from Stripe. Read Runway’s story Supabase delivers its backend-as-a-service to 150 countries with Stripe. Read Supabase’s story Linear partners with Stripe to handle billing and payments. Read Linear’s story ElevenLabs grows into a $3B AI audio leader with Stripe. Watch the video Browserbase offers usage-based billing for an AI agent browser with Stripe. Read Browserbase’s story Decagon decreases support costs by 65% with Stripe-integrated agents. Read Decagon’s story Stripe Startups program. Access financial benefits, a focused community, and expert resources to help you grow your business. Apply now Stripe Atlas. Incorporate and get everything you need to fundraise, bank, and accept payments in two business days. Start your company Make your SaaS platform a complete financial operating system Stripe for platforms From the Fortune 100 to the Forbes Cloud 100, vertical SaaS platforms use Stripe to expand their product offerings with embedded payments and financial services. Get to market faster. Launch and scale payments products with lower operational overhead using embedded components and no-code tools. Read the guide Grow new lines of revenue. Monetize platform transactions—including payments, card interchange, and financing fees. Read the guide Manage platform risk. Stay ahead of global regulations with tools for compliance, credit risk, fraud prevention, and account security. Read the guide With Stripe, we have a global technology partner to help our customers—from Canadian yoga studios to British boxing classes—keep growing and evolving in a new wellness world. Kurtis Moyer, Lead Product Manager of Payments, Mindbody Read the story Without Stripe, it would have taken significant time and engineering effort to offer these resources to our customers. The financial infrastructure Stripe offers is incredibly valuable to Jobber, and we look forward to seeing what comes next. Laura Collinson, Director of Fintech, Jobber Read the story Stripe makes the subscriptions and payment piece really easy for everyone involved. And that helps us make it easy for writers and other creators to do the work they want to do on Substack and get paid for it. Seth McMillan, Engineering Manager, Substack Read the story Stripe offers an enterprise-grade infrastructure that puts our customers on the cutting edge of modern payments technology. The combination of Terminal and Connect is a powerful integrated solution. Dax Dasilva, Founder and CEO, Lightspeed Read the story Reliable, extensible infrastructure for every stack. Adapt Stripe to your business needs with flexible integration options. View developer docs View Stripe’s GitHub Connect to existing systems. Orchestrate payments across multiple processors, build custom workflows, and connect to third parties using APIs, partner apps, or prebuilt integrations. Scale with confidence. Handle thousands of transactions per second with consistent speed and reliability, even during peak traffic periods. 500M+ API requests per day 10K+ API requests per second 150K+ transactions per minute Choose an integration path. With AI-powered support, rich documentation, and built-in debugging tools, you can quickly get started with the best option for your business. Don’t code? Set up billing, take in-person payments, or share a payment link—right from the Stripe Dashboard, no code required. Explore no-code Use a pre-integrated platform. Browse our directory of platforms that integrate Stripe with website-building tools. See directory Build your own integration. Use our SDKs, APIs, MCP server, and AI developer tools to build and maintain your own integration with Stripe. Get started What’s happening See the latest from Stripe. Businesses on Stripe generated $1.9T in 2025. Our annual letter explores the trends defining the internet economy—including steeper growth for newer businesses, faster international expansion, stablecoin progress, agentic commerce, and more. Read the letter 150K+ users have their best day ever on Stripe. From Black Friday through Cyber Monday 2025, Stripe processed more than $40B for businesses while maintaining a 99.9999% uptime. See the numbers Tidemark’s vertical and SMB SaaS benchmark report. Learn what’s driving growth in vertical SaaS in 2025—going multiproduct, embedding fintech, and integrating AI into the core of their products. Get the data Shopify’s Tobi Lütke sits down with John Collison. Hear them discuss the choices that shaped Shopify and Stripe, the future of commerce, and their advice for founders. Watch video New tools to process payments outside app stores. New regulations mean new opportunities. Read how Stripe can help you process payments outside of the iOS and Android app stores, giving you more control and helping grow your revenue. Learn how Crypto.com partners with Stripe to enable better crypto payments. Learn how the partnership can help you tap into a new global customer base by letting customers pay with their crypto balance directly at checkout. View announcement Make your products shoppable through AI platforms. Find out how the Agentic Commerce Protocol (ACP) allows any business to accept purchases from AI platforms without requiring any major technical changes. Read more How leading retailers unify customer experiences and drive growth. Get insights into how other brands have unified their online and in-store experiences and optimized their checkouts for a seamless shopping experience. Get the report Item 1 of 8: Businesses on Stripe generated $1.9T in 2025. Businesses on Stripe generated $1.9T in 2025. Our annual letter explores the trends defining the internet economy—including steeper growth for newer businesses, faster international expansion, stablecoin progress, agentic commerce, and more. Read the letter 150K+ users have their best day ever on Stripe. From Black Friday through Cyber Monday 2025, Stripe processed more than $40B for businesses while maintaining a 99.9999% uptime. See the numbers Tidemark’s vertical and SMB SaaS benchmark report. Learn what’s driving growth in vertical SaaS in 2025—going multiproduct, embedding fintech, and integrating AI into the core of their products. Get the data Shopify’s Tobi Lütke sits down with John Collison. Hear them discuss the choices that shaped Shopify and Stripe, the future of commerce, and their advice for founders. Watch video New tools to process payments outside app stores. New regulations mean new opportunities. Read how Stripe can help you process payments outside of the iOS and Android app stores, giving you more control and helping grow your revenue. Learn how Crypto.com partners with Stripe to enable better crypto payments. Learn how the partnership can help you tap into a new global customer base by letting customers pay with their crypto balance directly at checkout. View announcement Make your products shoppable through AI platforms. Find out how the Agentic Commerce Protocol (ACP) allows any business to accept purchases from AI platforms without requiring any major technical changes. Read more How leading retailers unify customer experiences and drive growth. Get insights into how other brands have unified their online and in-store experiences and optimized their checkouts for a seamless shopping experience. Get the report Book of the week Entrepreneurship starts with ideas. For more ideas on economic progress and technological advancement, see our in-house publications: Stripe Press Works in Progress Ready to get started? Create an account instantly, or contact us to design a custom package for your business. Start now Contact sales See what you’ll pay Integrated per-transaction pricing with no hidden fees. Pricing details Start building Get up and running with Stripe in as little as 10 minutes. Integration options Products and pricing Pricing Atlas Authorization Boost Billing Capital Capital for platforms Checkout Climate Connect Crypto Crypto Onramp Data Pipeline Elements Financial Connections Global Payouts Identity Invoicing Issuing Link Managed Payments Payment links Payment methods Payments Radar Revenue Recognition Stripe Sigma Subscriptions Tax Terminal Treasury Treasury for platforms Usage-based billing Solutions Enterprises Startups Agentic commerce Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Money management Platforms SaaS AI companies Creator economy Fintech Gaming Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Professional services Public sector Retail Developers Documentation API reference API status API changelog Libraries and SDKs Stripe Projects Developer blog Integrations and custom solutions Stripe App Marketplace Stripe Partner ecosystem Professional services Resources Product roadmap Guides Customer stories Blog Community Sessions annual conference Privacy and terms Prohibited and restricted businesses Licenses Sitemap Cookie settings Your privacy choices More resources Company Careers Newsroom Stripe Press Contact sales Support Get support Managed support plans CA residents: +1 888 926 2289 Sign in United States ( English ) © 2026 Stripe, LLC.